Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-hugo.mdx

## Community Resources

<CardGrid>

  <LinkCard title="Elio Struyf's migration story from Hugo to Astro" href="https://www.eliostruyf.com/migration-story-hugo-astro/"/>

  <LinkCard title="Hugo Vs Astro - Which Static Site Generator To Choose In 2023" href="https://onebite.dev/hugo-vs-astro-which-static-site-generator-to-choose-in-2023/"/>

  <LinkCard title="Lessons from an AI-assisted migration to Astro" href="https://bennet.org/blog/lessons-from-ai-assisted-migration-to-astro/" />

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Hugo site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Hugo site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-hugo.mdx)!
```
